Clarify which Okta setup doc to use (#16750)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/saml/okta.md

## Setup

> Follow [Create SAML app integrations][6] docs to configure Okta as a SAML IdP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow Okta's [Create SAML app integrations][6] docs to configure Okta as a SAML IdP.
```

**Note**: It's recommended that you set up Datadog as an Okta application manually, as opposed to using a `pre-configured` configuration.

> **Note**: For `US1` customers, there's a `pre-configured` configuration [How to Configure SAML 2.0 for Datadog][1] docs to configure Okta as a SAML IdP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: US1 customers can use the preset configuration in Okta's [How to Configure SAML 2.0 for Datadog][1] docs to configure Okta as a SAML IdP.
```
